# Assignment-05
## Morgan Schulte

A main document can have as many (usually hundreds) elements as the page needs, however there are a number of required elements. The head elements consist of the title, author, publication date, description, and other information that does not show up on the website itself, but is important for search engines, tab names, and other parts of the overall site. The four head elements that I'm concerned with are the charset (character set used for display), the description (used by search engines to describe site), the viewport (the visible area of the webpage), the title (title of document), the link (indicates what other resources the browser needs to load the site), and  the style (colors and other simple creative changes). The body elements are what show up on the site. The two general types are structural and semantic elements. The structural markup is the information (headings, paragraphs, breaks, lists, etc), and the semantic elements are used to emphasize and reinforce the structural elements (bold, underline, quotations, definitions, etc).

As stated in the previous answer, structural markup is the actual words and information, while semantic markup is the emphasis. If this were a meal, structural markup would be the food and semantic markup would be the spice.

My work cycle for assignment 5 started with reading the module, then being overwhelmed with information. Then I walked my dogs. Then I came back and started my index.html while watching the walkthrough video. Then I found my favorite recipe. Then I got a snack because it made me hungry. Then I typed out the outline and copy and pasted several <li></li>'s. Then I got down to filling everything in while checking back with the module and the assignment itself, and refreshed the website again and again to make sure everything was showing up, trying my best not to miss anything. Then I did my readme and here I am. 
