# Assignment-12
## Morgan Schulte

My imaginary client was a hybrid between a salad bar and a community garden. They needed a good about page so people could understand the club, a photo gallery to get people interested, a contact page, and some information on gardening that people could study before they joined. The site needed to be fun and have a color palette that went with the salad theme.

Display: inline does not allow coders to set a width and height, while display: inline-block does, and display: inline-block respects the top and bottom margins and paddings while display: inline doesn't. Display: block adds a line-break after the element, and display: inline-block does not.

My work cycle for this assignment started by picking an imaginary client. I was getting excited about gardening season so I went with a community garden/salad club. I then went to pick out fonts, place holder text, a color palette, icons, photos, and anything else that I needed for the visual components. I found a great seamless background as well. I started with the menu because I wanted to get that over with. I followed along with the videos and chose my own variations in sizes, details, and placement. I did like the logo for the cupcake website so I did my best to copy that but with a salad. I finished the details for the home page and moved on to finding external websites for more information. I really wanted a photo gallery page so that was next. I always look at photos of the food before going to eat somewhere so that was important for me. That was in place of a "services" page because this was food based. Then I worked on the Contact page, starting with the button. The last thing I did was the contact form because I had forgotten about forms and had to go back to W3 to learn how to do it again.
