# Assignment-08
## Morgan Schulte

My experience learning HTML was a WHIRLWIND. I joined the class three weeks late and have always been intimidated by coding. While catching up, I got both more and less scared by the second. Nothing is old. All of this was new. All of this was interesting. I use the internet every day, so I don't know how I wouldn't be interested in it. What was most difficult for me was remembering the connection between the head and the body. Especially as we were expected to style more. I ended up putting a lot of things in the body and wondering why they looked so odd. I had to go back a reread a lot of the styling things for the head. The table in this last assignment was an example of that.

I am actually really excited about CSS. I put in a lot of effort for these websites that look SO BLAND. I'm excited to change that and frost whatever I have been baking.

Oh gosh this assignment took way longer than I thought it would. I think this took about ten hours? That was mostly due to my perfectionism over any original images. I just got a new camera after five years. I went through trade school at Rocky Mountain School of Photography long before going back to my undergrad at 25 while working as a photographer. I take pride in my work so if I use my own photos, they have to be nice. I started out with the basic layout and text of each page before I dove into the images. I played around with they color styling before I decided that my images would probably dictate the color palette. I purposefully picked out an easy sweater to replicate for the color palette before I shot the photos for the site. I based the navigation and external link colors on my shoes in the photos. I looked up all the names of the colors on some website. Then, while shooting, I got fixated on my website having a GIF to show the actual dog trick. I haven't ever made a GIF, so I had to watch all these Adobe Premiere tutorials to make it. I was almost finished when Github wouldn't let me push anything because the gif file size was way too big. I think I had my camera's default set to 1080p which is complete overkill for a GIF. I didn't know how to resize the file, and wasn't satisfied with the original product already, so I redid the whole thing. The fact that that took half the time of this project was upsetting because it was not an actual requirement but something I got fixated on personally. When everything was set, I realized I forgot the semantic markup and a table, so I had to do that and find a reason to have a table. Then I pushed everything and started writing this part. 
