# Assignment-10
## Morgan Schulte

System fonts are installed in your device and are great for print. They are not set up for web, but can be very stylized and good for logos or anything else that will be exported as an image. Web Fonts are fonts hosted on a server. They don't have to be installed on the viewers device, but need fallback fonts due to not being 100% reliable on every device every time. Web Safe fonts are fonts that all servers provide, and are very reliable. The load times of these are quicker as well, but the downside is that they are limited and not always the best style choice for the message. 

Fallback fonts in font stacks are important incase a font doesn't work or load. It is important to choose a fallback font that still works with the text and message you are trying to display. If a fallback font is completely different from your chosen font, it might not complement another font that did load on the page, or give the styling effect you were going for (handwritten note, bold and important words, etc.)

My work cycle started with choosing a text that I was interested in. I chose a passage from Patti Smith's novel, Just Kids, due to the way that she can immerse a reader in a moment very quickly. I then decided that I would use a color scheme that went with the time that the excerpt took place in, which was 1969. I used google for this instead of Adobe color palettes. I then added the required HTML elements and text. I started my CSS stylesheet with background colors, text colors, and div styling. I then went to Google Fonts and chose some fonts. After I didn't like the initial choices, I went back to choose some more conservative but easier to read fonts. I added them in, and went into details with sizes, styles, and alignment. I attached the pseudo-element for the first letter, then styled the link. My last steps were playing around with sizes and padding to make sure everything flowed together.
