# Assignment-09
## Morgan Schulte

A universal selector type is used to style EVERY element. A element selector is used when you only want to style a type of element, like a heading. Class selectors are used for designing and styling elements that serve the same purpose, like box devs. The ID selector is best for individual styling, like changing the color of a particular section of the website.

I used the color selector package that was recommended on the website. I then decided that a bright red that's a little on the orange side, a light jean blue, and a baby pink would represent the 80s well. I decided on the red due to Steven King novels (I wish I knew font styling), 80s sports cars, and elements of the photos I chose to use. I used the light denim blue because light denim was popular at the time. I made sure to include a photo that represented this, as I chose this color before searching for photos. I then chose baby pink due to Molly Ringwald characters, although I did not include her as a subject of the assignment.

My work cycle started with a general image search for 80's trends. I then went farther into thinking about what pop culture from the 80's has lived on enough to impact my life, which started in 1994. As a visual artist, I think about color often. This made me think of colors at almost the same time as pop culture icons. I then opened up Atom and got to work. I did the main elements first, then proceeded to write out my divs. I went into my css file, and had a lot of trouble lining everything up. I'm still having trouble with percentages (which make more sense to me) and also dealing with pixel ratios for photos. I tried to fix most problems, but have had trouble with a lot of elements. I also have had trouble focussing in general lately, due to current events, but I hope that changes soon. I then did the README.
